EDU-471 cloud docs refresh branch (#2213)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/configure-metrics-endpoint-using-ui.md

---
id: configure-metrics-endpoint-using-ui
title: How to configure a metrics endpoint using Temporal Cloud UI
description: You can configure a metrics endpoint in your Temporal Cloud Account settings.
sidebar_label: Configure via UI
tags:
  - how-to
  - observability
  - temporal cloud
---

:::note

> To view and manage third-party integration settings, your user account must have the Global Admin [Role](https://docs.temporal.io/cloud/#account-level-roles).

Author: ```suggestion
To view and manage third-party integration settings, your user account must have the Global Admin [Role](/cloud/what-are-the-account-level-roles-for-users-in-temporal-cloud).
```
